Astro 8/24 release notes (#1088)
astronomer/docs: astro/release-notes.md

**Latest CLI Version**: 1.4.0 ([Release notes](cli/release-notes.md))

## August 24, 2022

### Additional improvements

> - When configuring worker queues, the Cloud UI now shows the total available resources for each worker instance type instead of the nominal available resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When you configure worker queues in the Cloud UI, the total available resources for each worker instance type are now shown instead of the nominal available resources.
```
An alternate wording suggestion. It's fine as is.

> - When configuring worker queues, the Cloud UI now shows the total available resources for each worker instance type instead of the nominal available resources.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- When you configure worker queues in the Cloud UI, the total CPU and memory capacity of each worker instance type is now shown instead of the nominal available resources.
```

Stealing @kwcanuck's wording here but I'd frame like this instead of "total available", since it's not actually `available` to the user

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Improved the calculation that is responsible for showing errors in the Cloud UI related to **Worker Count** per worker queue and the maximum node count available for a worker type in your cluster. This calculation now takes into account deleted worker queues as well as the number of workers currently running.

```

Think we missed this one: https://github.com/astronomer/astro/pull/2980

Author: Feels like we are giving a lot of info here but still not explaining the core change. I'd opt for a simpler explanation and abstract some of the details about implementation.

> ### Big fixes

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Bug fixes
```

Chuckled at this one 🙃

Reviewer: I can't believe I missed that!

- Fixed an issue where the lineage UI showed all job durations as having a length of 0

> - Fixed an issue where running `astro deploy` while authenticated with an API key could revert worker queue settings

Reviewer: Alternate wording suggestion:

Worker queue settings aren’t reverted when you run `astro deploy` and an API key is used for authentication

Reviewer 2: ^Agreed on wording on principle but that's actually not accurate! Worker size is now _not_ reverted when you run astro deploy, which obvi wasn't expected

> - Fixed an issue where running `astro deploy` while authenticated with an API key could revert worker queue settings

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where running `astro deploy` with a Deployment API key could revert a change in worker size previously set in the Cloud UI. This could result in a lower amount of CPU and memory than requested.
```

@jwitz Can you put this at the top of the bug fix list? This was unfortunately high-visibility
